for logistic regression we previously
talked about two types of optimization
algorithms we talked about how to use
gradient descent to optimize this cost
function J of theta and we also talked
about advanced optimization methods once
they are required that you provide a way
to compute the cost function J of theta
and that you provide a way to compute
the derivatives in this video we'll show
how you can adapt both of those
techniques of gradient descent and the
more advanced optimization techniques in
order to have them work for regularized
logistic regression so here's the idea
we saw earlier that logistic regression
can also be prone to overfitting if you
fit it with a very sort of high order
polynomial features like this where G is
the sigmoid function and in particular
you may end up with the hypothesis you
know whose decision boundary is this
sort of a overly complex extremely
contorted function that really isn't
such a great hypothesis for this
training set and more generally if you
have logistic regression with a lot of
features not necessarily polynomial ones
but just with a lot of features you can
end up with overfitting this one's our
cost function for logistic regression
and if we want to modify it to use
regularization all we need to do is add
to it the following term plus lambda
over 2m sum from J equals 1 and as
usuals from 1 and sum from J equals 1
rather than sum from J equals 0 of theta
J squared and this has the effect
therefore of penalizing the parameters
theta 1 theta 2 and so on up to theta n
from being too large and if you do this
then it will have the effect that even
though you you're fitting a very high
order polynomial with a lot of
parameters so long as you apply
regularization and keep the parameters
small you're more likely to get a
decision boundary you know there may be
looks more like this and looks more
reasonable for separating out the
positive and negative examples
so when using regularization even when
you have a lot of features the
regularization can
helped take care of the overfitting
problem how do we actually implement
this well for the original gradient
descent algorithm this was the update we
had we were repeatedly perform the
following update to theta J this one
looks a lot like the previous one for
linear regression but what I'm going to
do is write the update for theta 0
separately so the first line is my
update for theta 0 and the second line
is now my update for theta 1 up to theta
n because I'm going to treat theta 0
separately and in order to modify this
algorithm to use a regular rise cost
function all I need to do is a pretty
similar to what we did for linear
regression is actually to just multiply
this second update rule as follows and
once again this you know cosmetically
looks identical to what we had for
linear regression
but of course is not the same algorithm
as we had because now the hypothesis is
defined using this services are not the
same algorithm as regular rise linear
regression because the hypothesis is
different even though this update that I
wrote down then it actually looks
cosmetically the same as when we had
earlier when working out
gradient descent for regularized linear
regression and of course just a wrap of
this discussion this term here in the
square brackets so this term here this
term is of course the new partial
derivative with respect to theta J of
the new cost function J of theta where J
of theta here is the cost function we
defined on the previous slide that does
use regularization
so that's gradient descent for
regularized linear regression
let's talk about how to get regularize
linear regression to work using the more
advanced optimization methods and just
remind you for those methods what we
needed to do was to define the function
that's called the cost function that
takes us input the parameter vector
theta and once again in the equations
we've been writing here we use zero
index vectors so we had you know theta 0
up to theta n but because octave indexes
the vectors starting from one theta zero
is written in octave as theta 1 theta 1
is written in octave as theta 2 and so
on down to theta n plus 1 and what we
needed to do was a provider function was
provided a function called cost function
that we would then pass in to what we
have we saw earlier we will use the F
min UNC and then you know at cost
function and so on right but the F min
UNC it was the F min unconstrained and
this will what would an F min UNC was
what would take the cost function and
minimize it for us so the two main
things that the cost function needed to
return were first j-val and for that we
need to write code to compute the cost
function J of theta now when we're using
regularize logistic regression of course
the cost function J of theta changes and
in particular now our cost function
needs to include this additional
regularization term at the end as well
so when you compute J of theta be sure
to include that term at the end and then
the other thing that this this cost
function things need to provide were the
gradient so gradient one needs to be set
to the partial derivative of J of theta
with respect to theta 0 gradient 2 needs
to be set to that and so on once again
the index is up by 1 right because of
the indexing from one data octave users
and looking at these terms this term
over here we actually work dissolved on
a previous slide on is actually equal to
this
it doesn't change because the derivative
for theta 0 doesn't change
compared to the version without
regularization and the other terms do
change and in particular the derivative
of respect to theta one we work this out
on the previous slide as well is equal
to you know the original term and then
minus lambda over m times theta one just
so make sure we pause this correctly if
we can add parentheses here right so the
summation doesn't extend and similarly
you know this other term here looks like
this with this additional term that we
had on the previous slide that
corresponds to the gradient from their
regularization objective so if you
implement this cost function and pass
this into F min UNC or to one of those
advanced optimization techniques that
will minimize the new regular rise cost
function J of theta and the parameters
you get out will be the ones that
correspond to logistic regression with
regularization so now you know how to
implement regularized which is a
regression when I walk around Silicon
Valley I live here in Silicon Valley
there are a lot of engineers that are
frankly making a ton of money for their
companies using machine learning
algorithms and I know we've only been
you know studying this stuff for a
little while but if you understand
linear regression the dis aggression the
advanced optimization algorithms and
regularization by now frankly you
probably know quite a lot more machine
learning than many certainly not all but
you probably know quite a long known
machine learning right now then frankly
many of the Silicon Valley engineers
well out there having very successful
careers you know making tons of money
for the companies or or building great
products using machine learning
algorithms so in congratulations you've
actually come a long ways and you can
actually you actually know enough to
apply this stuff and get to work for
many problems so congratulations for
that but of course it's still a lot more
that we want to teach you and in the
next set of videos after this we'll
start to talk about a very powerful
class of nonlinear classifiers so
whereas linear regression with just
regression you know you can throw in
polynomial terms but it turns out that
they're much more powerful normally
classifiers that can then dental a
polynomial regression and in the next
set of videos after this one I'll start
telling you about them so that you have
even more powerful learning algorithms
than you have now to apply to different
problems